---
date: 2020-08-22T11:23:58.000Z
layout: post
title: Hello
subtitle: "I couldn't find a place to discover makers creating art that blurred the lines of reality. So I made one."
description: "I couldn't find a place to discover makers creating art that blurred the lines of reality. So I made one." 
image: /assets/img/uploads/hello_banner.png
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/hello_banner.png
category: hello
tags:
  - welcome
  - blog
author: moneppo
paginate: false
---
Hi. I'm moneppo. I'm a huge fan of art that bends reality - immersive art, escape rooms, VR/AR, puzzle boxes,
alternate reality games - anything that makes you question what world. I also build some of these things, so
I'm always looking for inspiration and maybe even a peek behind the curtain.

The problem is that I couldn't find anyone who was curating this kind of content. So curious.place is a blog
I can share the amazing things I find in my adventures around the web. 

There's a ton of work already out there, so I'm going to spend the first 100 days of the existence of this site
posting about the 100 projects that have inspired me, in the following categories:
- **Immersive Theatre**: A way to enter a story and meet the people within it.
- **Installations**: A physical manifestation of another reality.
- **Alternate Reality Games**: A fictional story woven into the real world.
- **Escape Rooms**: An adventure buried deep in a conjured realm.
- **Digital Media**: Using bits as the raw material to create new worlds.
- **Curiosities**: Objects that reject and subvert the laws of the universe.

There so much to cover, and so much to catch up on. So each day, for the next 100 days, I will be posting about a project that has inspired me. The first post is about <a href="2020-08-28-myst">Myst and Cyan, Inc.</a>.

Thanks, and I hope this site inspires you.
